docs: fix incorrect struct literal and interface smart cast errors (#17457)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

println(age)
```

> To change the value of the variable use `=`. In V, variables are

Reviewer: This one should stay.

To change the value of the variable use `=`. In V variables are
immutable by default.

> To be able to change the value of the variable, you have to declare it with `mut`.

Reviewer: This one should stay.

### Immutable function args by default

> In V function arguments are immutable by default and mutable args have to be

Reviewer: Comma is correct here.

Only more complex types such as arrays and maps may be modified.

### Variable number of arguments
V supports functions that receive an arbitrary, variable amounts of arguments, denoted with the `...` prefix.

> Below, `a ...int` refers to an arbitrary amount of parameters that will be collected into `a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, `a ...int` refers to an arbitrary amount of parameters that will be collected into an array named `a`.
```

	return 'meow'
}

> // unlike Go and like TypeScript, V's interfaces can define fields, not just methods.

Reviewer: This one should stay.

> // unlike Go but like TypeScript, V's interfaces can define fields, not just methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// unlike Go, but like TypeScript, V's interfaces can define fields, not just methods.
```

	return 'meow'
}

> // unlike Go, but like TypeScript, V's interfaces can define fields, not just methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// unlike Go, but like TypeScript, V's interfaces can define both fields, and methods.
```
It's shorter, and a little less awkward phrasing.
